Recommend few more options for nginx optimization (#266)
minio/cookbook: docs/setup-nginx-proxy-with-minio.md

 server_name example.com;
 # To allow special characters in headers
 ignore_invalid_headers off;
 # Allow any size file to be uploaded.
 # Set to a value such as 1000m; to restrict file size to a specific value
 client_max_body_size 0;
 # To disable buffering
 proxy_buffering off;

 location / {
   proxy_http_version 1.1
   proxy_set_header Host $http_host;
   # proxy_ssl_session_reuse on; # enable this if you are internally connecting over SSL

>    proxy_read_timeout 15m; # Default value is 60s which is too less for MinIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   proxy_read_timeout 15m; # Default value is 60s which is not sufficient for MinIO.
```

>    proxy_send_timeout 15m; # Default value is 60s which is too less for MinIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   proxy_send_timeout 15m; # Default value is 60s which is not sufficient for MinIO.
```

 location /photos/ {
   proxy_http_version 1.1
   proxy_buffering off;
   # proxy_ssl_session_reuse on; # enable this if you are internally connecting over SSL

>    proxy_read_timeout 15m; # Default value is 60s which is too less for MinIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   proxy_read_timeout 15m; # Default value is 60s which is not sufficient for MinIO.
```

>    proxy_send_timeout 15m; # Default value is 60s which is too less for MinIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   proxy_send_timeout 15m; # Default value is 60s which is not sufficient for MinIO.
```
